Lose your touch: stop having an ability or talent for something.
If you don't speak English for months, you will lose your touch.
Rule of thumb: a general rule or guideline.
By the skin of my teeth: to just barely make it.
You passed by the skin of your teeth.
Get something off your chest: to talk about sth that is bothering you.
Yes, I need to get something off my chest. I'm changing my career.
Put your foot in your mouth: say something you shouldn't have said.
Bite the bullet: stop waiting and do sth difficult
I hate calling my insurance company, but sometimes I just have to bite the bullet and do it.
Get out of hand: get out of control
wrap your head around something: understand sth complicated
I couldn't wrap my head around complex math problems.
To play something by ear: to not make definite plans
I want to go hiking tomorrow, but it might rain. Let's play it by ear.
A blessing in disguise: something good that seemed bad at first.
Lockdowns were kind of a blessing in disguise for some people.
Break a leg (good luck!, when performing or competing)
Pulling my leg (to tease or joke with someone)
Keep an eye out (be on the lookout for something)
Keep an eye out for snakes when you're hiking.
Keep your eyes peeled (be on the lookout for something)
When I go hiking, I keep my eyes peeled for snakes.
See eye to eye (to agree on something)
We may not see eye to eye on all issues, but we both love cats.
Eyes bigger than your stomach (when you take more food than you can eat)
Bite off more than you can chew (to try to do more than you are able)
I think I might have bitten off more than I can chew (over-commit)
Keep your chin up (have courage in a hard situation)
Keep your chin up, you can do it!
Chip on your shoulder(having grieving because of sth)
He left the game with a chip his shoulder.
Bend over backwards (to make a great effort)
Car companies are bending over backwards to sell cars nowadays.
Add insult to injury (to make a bad situation worse)
I accidentally locked my keys in my car and then to add insult to injury, my phone battery died.
Rub salt in the wound (to make a bad situation worse)
Go behind someone's back (to do something bad secretively)
She went behind my back and climbed out her bedroom window.